Our test suite is up and running.
So let's create a test file to make sure that the new route handler is working as expected.
Inside of my roots directory, I'll make a new folder of underscore, underscore.
Test, underscore.
Underscore.
And then inside that directory, I'll make a new file of new tests.
So we're going to write out some number of tests inside this file to make sure that the new handler
is working as expected.
I'm going to go back over to the new root handler really quickly.
You might recall from the ticket service, we wrote out a decent number of tests to make sure that some
different handlers enforced authentication.
We also wrote out some tests to make sure that users were providing some valid body information or parameters
with the request as well.
We already took a look at how to write those tests.
So we're not going to focus on writing those tests for the order service.
If you want to add those tests in and it definitely is worth adding them in, feel free to do so on
your own so you can write out some tests to make sure that a user is authenticated.
And if they're not, we should respond within error and we should make sure that we have a test that
checks to make sure that the body of the request has a valid ticket ID as well.
So it's totally up to you if you want to write those.
We're not going to read about them going forward because we already took a look at it in the past.
Instead, we're going to really focus on the business logic of our different handlers.
So we're going to make sure that we handle the case.
In which a user tries to reserve a ticket that does not exist.
Make sure we handle the case in which a user tries to reserve a ticket that has already been reserved.
And then finally handled the success case as well when a user actually successfully reserves a ticket.
So in total, we're going to focus on writing just three tests around this handler.
So let's get to it.
Back inside the new test file, we're going to write out the three statements right away.
So we'll say, how about it returns an error.
If the user tries to reserve actually let's shorten this thing.
How about returns an error if the ticket does not exist?
Let's be a little bit more direct rather than writing out a super long description.
Then how about returns and air?
If the ticket is already.
Reserved.
And then finally it reserves a ticket.
So this will be our success case in which everything goes as expected.
Now, in all the tests we had written previously, we essentially could just write out some implementation
inside of each of these different statements, and that was it.
But now that we're working on a slightly more complicated service where we're essentially operating
over multiple different types of records, we're going to see that in some cases we've got to do a decent
amount of setup before any test runs.
So, for example, with our second and third cases right here, we're going to need to make sure that
there is a valid ticket inside the database so we can actually find.
So before we write out any test implementation or actually any logic to make the request itself, we
have to manually save a ticket into the database.
So just keep that in mind.
Okay.
So let's take care of this first statement.
First, let's add in a couple import statements at the very top to make the request.
So we'll get request.
From super test.
And app from up to directories app.
So then for the very first one right here, pretty much just make the request, make sure we get a 404
back.
Do keep in mind as well that even though we are not going to directly test and make sure that we've
got this body validation going on, this body validation is still going to be executed.
So in other words, we do have to make sure that we provide some kind of valid ID for the ticket ID
in the body of the request.
And when I say valid ID, I mean a valid MongoDB object ID.
So we do have to import Mongoose at the top as well so we can generate randomly a valid object ID at
the very top.
I will get mongoose from mongoose.
So then inside this first test right here, let's randomly generate an ID, we'll then make a request
attempting to create a new order.
Now we're going to simply expect it to return a four of four status code.
So I'll say ticket.
I'd.
Is Mongoose types object ID.
That's how we create a new random ID.
We've seen that once before.
Then we'll go ahead and make our request.
Though we will await request to app.
I'm going to do a post request to API orders.
And then remember we are requiring authentication, so we have to set our cookie in the same way we
had previously.
So to do so, we had copied over that implementation from our test setup file.
So we want to call sign in off the global object, and we're going to use that to set the cookie header
on our request.
So we'll say dot set, cookie global, sign in.
Well, then send along in the body the request, the ticket ID that we just generated in the step previously.
So I'll put in a ticket.
ID ticket.
ID and actually we can condense that down to just ticket ID and probably condense it down to one line
as well.
And then finally, we will expect to get back 400 for.
So that should be it for the very first test.
Let's save this flight back over to our terminal and see how we're doing.
It looks like that test is passing.
Just to make sure that it actually is passing correctly.
I'm going to go back over to the new test handler itself.
I'm going to find where we are throwing a not found error.
I'm going to copy the battery there and put it right above the not found air.
So now we're going to get back a status code of 401.
As opposed to a 404 or a 400.
That's what our battery is going to throw.
So this is going to, of course, our test to fail just to make sure that it's failing in the correct
way.
So I'll save that flip back over.
All right.
Definitely getting the correct thing here.
So we got 400 instead of the 404 that was expected, which means our test is probably working as expected.
So that's our first test.
Quick files right here and we'll take care of the next two in just a moment.